Properly update hash in version file when building from subdirs (#266)
arborx/ArborX: CMakeLists.txt

add_library(ArborX INTERFACE)
target_link_libraries(ArborX INTERFACE Kokkos::kokkos)
set_target_properties(ArborX PROPERTIES INTERFACE_COMPILE_FEATURES cxx_std_14)
# As all executables using ArborX depend on it, depending on record_hash allows
# updating hash each time executable is rebuilt, including when called from
# within a subdirectory.

> add_dependencies(ArborX record_hash)

Author: I was surprised to see that in CMake one can use targets before they are defined.

set(ARBORX_VERSION_STRING "0.9 (dev)")

> # Makes sure to the git hash in ArborX_Version.hpp is always

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence. Maybe,
```suggestion
# Make sure that the git hash in ArborX_Version.hpp is always
```
